The Age of Flight, with its miracle of service,
began in an obscure little bicycle shop in Dayton,
Ohio. Here two devoted brothers, working amid
tires, wheels and air pumps, dreamed that man could
fly in a heavier-than-air machine. The names of
these two brothers who wrote themselves indelibly
into history, were Wilbur and Orville Wright.

The story of the Wright brothers is an inspiring
narrative of success. Wilbur and Orville combined
to a rare degree the searching intelligence of the
scientist, the ability to visualize of the
inventor, and the practical craftsmanship of the
builder. In addition they had great personal
courage.

The Wright brothers were by no means the first who
sought the secret of flight. Particularly in
Europe, able men had delved deep and risked much in
the effort to fly like a bird. Certain theories of
aerodynamics had been developed and were generally
accepted as accurate. One of the major setbacks to
the hopes of the Wrights was the discovery, through
their own experiments, that these previously
accepted theories were incorrect.

This meant that they had to start from the
beginning and develop their own tables of air
pressures. Two developments of the Wrights made it
possible to build an aeroplane that would fly. One
was a crude wind tunnel and the other was an
ingenious set of balances made out of old hack saw
blades and bicycle spokes. With these comparatively
crude instruments, they compiled data which made
flight possible.

In the months and years following their first
flights, the Wrights were acclaimed by nations and
by men. They knew success in the fullest measure.
But probably no subsequent achievement quite
equaled the thrill which must have been theirs when
they were able to send to their father and sister
that now famous message:

    “Success four flights Thursday morning all
    against twenty-one-mile wind started from level
    with engine power alone average speed through
    air thirty-one miles longest 59 seconds inform
    press home Christmas.”
